Currently our application uses to default on a theme which uses a blue primary color.
Now I want to use different colors.
And how do we do that in our code.
You will find that theme folder and there you find the variables SPSS file in here.
These here these things with the two dashes at the beginning are CSA as variables.
They have to start with two dashes at the beginning to separate them from normal CSA as rules.
And these things here can be configure to your likings.
Here we're storing a bunch of colors in hex format and RG B values but you can also set up C as as variables
that store padding the size so something like pixel values or Rams so you can not just or colors but
of course colors are a very prominent use case.
Now here you see the nine colors ionic gives you to choose from and you can now find you in every single
one.
So for example if we go to the primary color which is the color we mostly use in this app thus far.
Then here in V as code I can hover over that.
To get this color picker and then here I want to choose a different color.
So let's say I want to use something like like this color a rad reddish color.
If I choose that and I only change that first variable here and I now save that the app will reload
and it automatically uses this color you see here on the button already.
And you also see it here in the Tap Bar in the segment that control on the hamburger I can here on this
button.
And that is the amazing thing.
You get this change out of the blocks with only one change in your code.
And that's the idea behind theming and these global rules.
You set up your global variables here and Ionic consumes them automatically because it's still such
that it uses these variables and therefore you can change your settings in no time and apply your own
theme when it comes to coloring here.
But you're not restricted to coloring.
You can also set other things as well.
And for Dad let's dive into these advanced theming guide here temporarily and let's have a look and
scroll down to global there and application variables.
And there you see you could also set I had fun family to set your general fun family in the application
or iron margin to set the general margin that will be used for example when you're using the margin
utility attribute but also the margin some components use as a default anyways.
So for example here let's say we add iron so that there's iron padding sentenced to 10 rem which is
an extremely large value.
And then I have a look at the off page there.
I'm using the padding attribute on iron content so therefore now as does reloads.
You see we have the large padding here.
Now obviously that is way too large but it shows you how easy it is for you to adjust this to your requirements
and changed your overall padding on your application.
Probably not to 10 rem if you want to have a nice application but still if you're fine tuning this to
not use the default of 16 pixels but you want 14 pixels you can set it like this.
No I'm happy with the default and hence I'll comment this out but nonetheless you can set it up just
like that.